Questions: rXwSSTGmvb8
1. Which are 3 things that went into the glass?
2. What did the man do before cutting the orange?
3. What did he put in the glass after squeezing the lemon and before picking up the orange?
4. What did he do before/after adding the ice?

"A black into screen with the description of the drink that's going to be made, the website and a logo are displayed."
"A man wearing a black shirt and a red tie is now standing behind a bar with a lot of alcohol supplies in front of him and he begins pouring many different ingredients into a large, silver cup."
"When he's done with his ingredients he puts a smaller, clear cup turned upside down into the silver cup to create a cover, and begins to shake them both vigorously until he's satisfied with the mixture."
"When the man stops shaking it he hits the side of the cup with his palm three times and removes the clear cup then puts a silver strainer on the top of the silver cup and pours the mixed drink into a sma
"The man grabs a napkin and begins to dry the insides of the clear cup and the silver cup he used to mix the drink."
" More ingredients are picked up and poured back into the silver cup, ice is added, and he puts the clear cup back into the silver cup and once again he begins to shake it vigorously until it's completely mixed,taps the sides when it's done, puts the strainer on the top of the silver cup and begins to pour the mixed contents into the cup that already had the alcohol in it."
"The man then picks up a silver shaker and gently pours on what looks like powdered chocolate or cinnamon, puts the cup on a black napkin and then puts two black stirring straws into the cup."
"The outro appears and it's the same as the intro."

Questions: ePaFTey15ho


Questions: z0tiCqKa4cs
1. What does she add to the bread before the tomatoes?
2. What does she show before taking a bite off the sandwich?

Questions: iwMXYbYyJy4
1. How many times did the swing go up and down?

Questions: u2uoYvo8J5s
1. 
























